Norfok Inc. Shareware Agreement

By using or installing this software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 

Number of Users: This shareware font is licensed to you and you alone as an evaluation copy

Duration of Use: This shareware font may be used for private purposes or for evaluation for a period
of 30 days, after which time it must be either registered or uninstalled.

Redistribution: You may not redistribute or duplicate this shareware font by any means without
express written permission from Norfok Inc.

Modifications. You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or
create derivative works based on the product without prior written consent from
Norfok Inc.

Backups: You may make one (1) copy of this Norfok Inc. product solely for backup purposes
provided the copyright and trademark notices are reproduced in their entirety on the backup
copy.

Limited Warranty: This font is distributed as shareware with no warranty of
any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. It doed not have a complete character set or 
other features which are in the full version of the font. Norfok Inc. does not warrant 
that the functions contained in the product will meet your requirements or that the 
operation of the software will be uninterrupted or error free.If you want a full font with a full 
warranty, purchase the complete version.

Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract, or otherwise, shall Norfok Inc.
or its suppliers or resellers be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial
damages or losses.

All contents of this package Copyright 2000, Norfok Inc.

If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you desire to contact Norfok Inc. 
for any reason, please contact us in writing at:

norfok@norfok.com

or through our website at:

http://www.norfok.com

